[Noah] Previously
on The Affair...
Author of the best-selling
novel. Descent.
soon to be made into a major
motion picture. Noah Solloway.
People know my movies.
and they see me as this. um.
you know. this action hero. this
sort of modern-day James Bond.
But that's all an act. of course.
I mean. that's not who I am.
But this book. this is me.
So what's your plan
to make money?
Ugh. I don't know.
His visa's about to expire.
so no one will hire him.
I just wanted to say I
think it's so awesome
that you're my dad's girlfriend.
- Can I trouble you for another drink?
- [scoffs] Of course. Coming right up.
There's something wrong with
him. He's losing his memory.
He thinks I'm still married to
Helen; he thinks I own this place.
[exhales] I need to leave.
Come in.
Vik. this is your son.
This is Eddie.
[Eddie whimpers]
- Are you with the studio?
- [scoffs] No.
- So you're...
- Helen.
I lost my partner a few
months ago. [sniffles]
Oh. my God.
Just breathe. I
lost someone. too.
- [Paul] Where are you gonna stay?
- Dad's place.
[Paul] Is that a good idea?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made
an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a
man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died.
his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy
and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean
Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
[school bell ringing]
[Petra] The early
reviews are really good.
[Noah] So I hear. I. uh. I try not
to pay attention to those things.
I have to admit. I wasn't
such a fan of Descent.
although. clearly. the book
didn't suffer from lack of fans. but...
The Autobiography of Jack
Hunter. it really moved me.
It's a much more vulnerable.
mature piece of writing.
Thanks.
I mean. I... I
wrote it in prison
partly just to. uh. keep
myself from going insane.
So just to get it published
at all is gratifying. and...
You were in prison for killing
your brother-in-law. right?
Uh. my. uh. ex-wife's
brother-in-law. yeah.
But there's plenty of
stuff out there about that.
- I really don't want to make this about...
- No. no. no. It's just...
ten years ago you were a public
school teacher living in Brooklyn.
and then one summer. you wrote a
novel that was an overnight sensation.
You left your wife and family.
you married your mistress.
you became
suddenly famous and...
I don't know. let's say you drank
a little bit of your own Kool-Aid.
You became
increasingly arrogant.
self-absorbed. reckless.
until one fateful night
on the dark roads of Montauk.
you hit someone and fled
the scene of the crime...
- I'm going somewhere with this.
- I hope so.
You had an enormous
fall from grace.
You went to prison. you served
time. you... lost everything.
And now you're out.
you've gone back to
teaching underprivileged kids.
you have moved to
be closer to your family.
You seem to be
living a quiet life now.
You've come full circle.
So would you say that the redemption
of Noah Solloway is complete?
[chuckles]
Um...
[stammers] Uh. you
read the book. you tell me.
That seems like a
perfect place to stop.
I'm really excited
about this piece.
- People love a comeback story.
- When will they run it. do you know?
Well. it's not up to me. but.
um. they're hoping to time it
with the release of your movie.
Your book is coming out
around then. too. isn't it?
That's right.
It's quite a year you're having.
Oh. um. one more thing.
Are you seeing anyone?
Our readers will want to know.
Uh... no. No. not at the moment.
Really? That surprises me.
Yeah. well. I guess that's. uh.
that's one piece of the puzzle
I haven't quite figured out yet.
There's still time.
Oh. I should
probably turn this off.
You still use those things?
I thought young reporters
these days just used their iPhone.
Well. I'm not that young.
and the batteries on
these things last longer.
The last time I saw one.
I was interviewing a
friend in Freshman Psych.
Oh. you know. speaking of
friends. could I call some of them?
You know. to round out the picture?
Who is Noah Solloway. the man?
- Uh. sure. Of course.
- [door closes]
[Joel] I can do that.
I can... talk...
for the article.
You're Petra Ranes. I love your
work. I-I read everything you write.
[Petra] Oh. thanks.
Uh. who are you?
I'm the principal. actually.
Of this. uh. school.
But we're also friends.
And I'm a novelist. too. so we have
that whole simpatico thing going. and...
You know what? I'll. uh. I'll
think of a couple of names
- and get back to you.
- Great.
- Thank you for your time.
- Thank you.
Vanity Fair?
Wow.
This is gonna be big for you.
- We'll see.
- I mean. this is...
top-tier literary recognition.
That's rarified air.
You want to go out?
Celebrate tonight?
Talk about our craft?
Uh. no. I got to. um...
I got to have dinner
with my daughter.
and then I'm gonna be
on set till-till late. so...
"I'm gonna be on set."
Jesus. man. Who are you?
It's okay. I stay
up late. I'll call you.
I mean. I got to buy a beer
for the man who has it all.
Maybe.
[indistinct chatter]
- Is Colin coming. or should we just order?
- Uh. no. He'll be here. He just...
When he works. he can get
carried away. lose track of time.
I can't believe you're
getting married.
I know. Me either.
- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- How's work?
- Work's fine.
Whit.
Is something wrong?
I don't want to pry.
but you seem kind of.
- I don't know.
- I'm just tired. Dad.
I have to be at the gallery
by 7:00 every morning.
We don't have air conditioning
'cause Andrea's too cheap.
It's hot as hell and. you
know. I'm doing everything:
I hang the art. I man the
phones. I keep the books.
All she does is check her
Raya profile and freak out.
What's a...
Never mind. So you
don't like this job?
I mean. it beats copy
editing Art Forum.
Well. maybe you could
find another gallery
where the boss is a
little more reasonable.
I can't quit. We need the money.
Colin still can't work 'cause
of his visa situation. so...
Well. would it help if I gave
you the money. just to...
Oh. no. Thanks. Dad. [stammers]
That's not it. It's just that...
Like. when I come home from a long
day of work and I just want to. you know.
have a glass of wine and
watch The Kardashians.
I can't because Colin's
all over me to study.
- Study?
- Yeah. for his immigration interview.
You know. they put
us in separate rooms.
and if we don't get every
single question perfectly.
Colin doesn't get his citizenship.
Oh. hold on. hold on. Thank you.
[chuckles]
What?
You remind me of your mother.
- Because I'm an alcoholic?
- No.
'Cause you're so beautiful.
Thanks.
Whitney...
this marriage thing. you
don't have to do it. you know.
It seems rushed.
Yeah. but actually. Dad. I do.
because if I don't. then
Colin has to leave the country.
Well. not forever. right?
I mean. maybe
that's for the best.
He can go home. he can
establish himself there.
and then apply for
citizenship on his own merit.
What are you talking about?
I'm not gonna let him get deported.
I-I love him.
I just...
I don't think it's supposed
to be this hard. Whitney.
You are so young.
It's too early to be this hard.
I don't know if you
remember. Mr. Big Shot.
but you were a
struggling artist once. too.
Mom didn't leave you.
I mean. you left her
20 years later. but...
Whitney. I... I had a job.
I was a teacher.
I never let your
mother support me.
Look. I'm not saying
he's not a good guy...
Sorry. Sorry. Mr. Solloway.
Hi.
- Whit. How you doing?
- Hi.
I got a bit lost in
the work. [sniffs]
Have we ordered?
No. Here.
- Here you go.
- Oh. thanks.
Do they do vegan?
[phone ringing]
[beeps]
- Hi.
- [Janelle] Hi.
Long time.
Um... I know. At
least a month. right?
It's three. actually.
Has it been three months? Wow.
Time really does fly when you're busy.
Why are you calling. Janelle?
I feel badly about the way
things ended between us.
You mean. when you disappeared
after my ex-wife's boyfriend's funeral
and then never
returned my calls?
Yes. I'd actually like to
explain some things in person.
- Are you free tonight?
- Uh... it'd have to be pretty late.
I don't mind waiting up.
[Sasha] What am I gonna do?
I can't stop thinking about you.
[Pru] I like you.
I like everything about you.
[Sasha] I could be
wanted in four states.
- Helen.
- Shh!
[Pru chuckles] I'll
take my chances.
[Sasha] We don't know
anything about each other.
I am never gonna leave my wife.
- I don't expect you to.
- And she can never find out.
[Pru] I understand.
- [Sasha] You still want to do this?
- [Pru] Yes.
And cut.
- [woman] All right.
- Wasn't that great?
- [indistinct chatter]
- They're so great together.
[stammers] Why are you here?
- You come... You looking for me?
- Oh...
Oh. no. Uh. I might have a...
- sort of a work opportunity here.
- What? On the movie?
No. no. no. no. no. just through
people connected with the movie.
I don't want to say too much
about it in case it doesn't happen.
How was dinner with.
uh. Colin and Whitney?
It was fine.
She looks kind of exhausted.
though. don't you think?
I mean. burning the
candle at both ends.
Well. she's trying
to climb the ladder.
Hate seeing her like this.
Actually. I think. for the first time
in her life. she's acting like an adult.
But if you wanna freak
out about something.
you can freak out about the fact that she
wants to get married at my parents' house.
and. uh. they're
trying to sell it.
Wait. your parents are selling?
- That's what I hear.
- Why?
I don't know. I can't get a
straight answer out of my mother.
Like. my father made some
bad business investments.
which really doesn't
sound like him.
- So I'm...
- Helen.
- I don't really know.
- About your father...
- [Sasha] Just the man I need to see.
Noah Solloway. quick word?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Walk with me.
Sorry. Don't go anywhere.
Uh. I'm here.
[sighs]
I just think we need to
make some decisions. Noah.
about who this
character really is.
- Okay.
- [sighs]
In that last scene.
Daniel tells Lana that he's
never gonna leave his wife. Okay?
Now. does he say that...
because he's a
fundamentally good man
who's trying to be honest
about what he has to give her?
Or...
does he say that as
some sort of manipulation.
so that she will think whatever
happens next is actually her own fault?
I mean... the first one.
Because what I just did now.
I shot it both ways so
I can decide in editing.
but I'm not gonna shoot the
whole fucking movie like that.
I want to stop
doing that tomorrow.
And I know what I
think is more interesting.
but. I mean. you're the writer.
Well. I mean... [stammering]
he's a good man.
He's a family man. He's never
done anything like this before.
and he's-he's just swept up in
something beyond his control.
Okay. [inhales]
Which reminds me. we
haven't talked about the ending.
What about it?
I think it might be worth revisiting. I
mean. it's-it's all connected. you see.
- What ending would you like?
- What if...
he went back to his wife?
Why would he do that?
If he's undone. as you
say. by transgression...
He can't just... [chuckling]
go back to his wife.
That's the whole point. [stammering]
He's destroyed everything.
It's Butch Cassidy. it's Thelma &
Louise. He can't go back. he's...
He has to keep going further
until there's nowhere left to go.
[laughs]
Oh. my God. you're just
such a moralist. aren't you?
I mean...
everyone has to
pay for their crimes.
It's so puritanical and
so adorably American.
[sighs]
Listen. if it's too much of a
left turn. I totally understand.
I mean. you've been
thinking of this one way
- for a very. very long time.
- Okay. good.
So you don't mind if
I take a pass myself?
- With the script?
- Just the scenes for tomorrow.
No. that-that's...
- That's my job.
- Yes. it is.
So you'll do it?
- Well. I think it works as it is.
- You do?
Uh...
Okay. I'll take another look.
Great.
That's why it's so fucking
great to have the writer on set.
They're usually never here.
And now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to go and get
undressed and have some sex.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
- Oh. hi.
- Sorry. Me again.
Erica. script supervisor.
Uh. in the sex scene. how
important is the exact wording?
You have scripted all the
"oh. Gods" and the "yeses."
but actors don't always stick
to that. so can they wing it. or...
Yeah. No. I mean. I. uh...
I don't know.
Okay. [laughs] It's
not especially clear.
Uh. they can... they can do
what they... what they want.
Um. listen up. people. Um...
It's been a long day. and we're
now down to a skeleton crew
for this final. intimate scene.
So. as a thank you
to all you stalwarts
who've been here since.
like. 6:00 a.m. this morning.
I'm taking you out tonight
for karaoke and drinks.
- [whoops]
- [crew cheering]
All right. let's shoot some sex.
Can I have my glasses. please?
Thank you.
Listen. I got an idea to
save your parents' place.
- You do?
- Yeah.
How about we move back east?
What... What do you mean?
Well. you came to L.A.
for Vik. I came for the kids.
Neither of us really like it here. Why
don't you sell your house in the hills
and use the money to
buy your parents' place?
I'm not moving back east.
Why not?
Well. because Trevor and
Stacey are in school here.
and they have friends. and they're
doing really well. and I actually...
I'm kind of
starting to like L.A.
But I thought you hated it.
What changed?
Can I get everyone's
attention? Next up is love scene.
Love scene equals a closed set.
So if you're not essential personnel.
I'm gonna need you to leave. Thanks.
Did you drive here?
You need a ride home?
I'm staying.
But you can't stay. It's
the last scene of the day.
- You're not allowed to watch.
- Yeah. but didn't you hear?
Sasha's taking everyone out to
karaoke after. That sounds fun.
[Lisa] First team's landed!
[bell ringing]
- Okay. this is a closed set.
- No. it's not. I got to get...
Fuck.
- Hey.
- Oh. my God!
[woman] Hold the roll!
Is something wrong. man? You're
really not supposed to be in here.
No. No. it's nothing.
It's just. um. uh. your
accent in that last scene...
- Yeah.
- Just sounded a little-little British.
- No. it didn't.
- It did. I thought it did.
- Well. it didn't. Get out.
- I thought it did. Okay.
- Get the fuck out.
- Okay.
Sorry. thanks.
- [engine stops]
- [keys jangle]
Noah. you came.
Uh...
Oh. that's sweet. but I
have an early morning.
- [Noah] What's going on?
- I'm. uh... I'm running for school board.
Wow. Really?
Yup. If the system won't change
for me. I'm gonna change the system.
Oh. good.
You came.
Hey. so we're all set for the
appearance at First Baptist tomorrow.
I should go home.
shower. change my shirt.
Give you two time to talk.
[Janelle chuckles]
Thank you for everything.
Ah. of course.
Don't wait up.
- [Janelle chuckles]
- [Carl] We gonna win this thing?
- [all] Yeah!
- [laughs]
Damn right.
Good to see you.
[door opens]
I'll make us some tea.
[door closes]
[spoon clinking]
So. you and Carl?
Yeah. we're back together.
I can see that. How's
that working out?
It's wonderful.
I'm really happy.
Good for you.
Is that why you
wanted to talk to me?
No. Of course not. Please sit.
[sighs]
So... [clears throat]
Carl and I were
talking. and. uh.
he's really got such a
brilliant mind for this stuff.
And we realized. in
running for the board.
I'm running on my record as a tough.
principled educator and administrator.
Thing is...
it's important that
that record not get...
muddied.
What. you mean you and me?
As my campaign manager. Carl
just... He-he doesn't love the optics
around our relationship.
given that I was your boss.
So that's why
you finally call me?
To make sure I never tell
anyone that we were together?
I feel like this
is upsetting you.
You didn't return my calls
for three months. Janelle.
After everything
we went through.
you don't think I deserved
some kind of explanation?
I didn't... I didn't
know what to say.
Well. you're a fucking adult. aren't you?
I mean. you couldn't have figured it out?
- I don't appreciate that language.
- Oh. Jesus Christ.
Noah. get a grip.
I thought you fucking hated each other.
You could barely be in the same room.
- Things change.
- That's such bullshit.
[scoffs]
Okay. how about this?
I don't actually think I
owe you an explanation.
We dated for a while.
it didn't work out.
And now all I'm asking is
that you keep your mouth shut
so that I can have a
chance to win this campaign
and make a real difference
in the lives of the children
you purport to
care so much about.
Okay?
Sure.
Good luck with the campaign.
- Thanks for the tea.
- [sighs]
Noah. wait.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
It's just that...
Carl and I...
have a history.
A child. a whole life.
Yeah. and you broke up
'cause he cheated on you.
What makes you think this
time is gonna be any different?
Because we're
different people now.
Look. I think when
I was young. I...
I fell in love
with his potential.
But now that I've lived a while.
I've learned to love him
for who he actually is.
[car horn blaring]
[indistinct chattering]
[Sasha] ♪ I been
watching you a while ♪
♪ Maybe you been
watching me. too ♪
♪ So somebody ran out ♪
♪ And left your
heart in a mess ♪
♪ But if you're
looking for love ♪
♪ Honey. I'm tougher
than the rest... ♪
Hey!
Oh. hi!
Isn't he funny?
- ♪ Or some good-lookin' Joe... ♪
- He's a terrible singer.
Yeah. it's horrifying.
♪ On their arm Some girl
like a sweet-talkin' Romeo... ♪
Hey. is there something
you want to tell me?
What? About what?
Oh. my God. you're here!
- Hi.
- Hi. how are you?
- I'm good now.
♪ So if you're rough
enough for love ♪
♪ Honey. I'm
tougher than the rest ♪
♪ The road is dark ♪
♪ And it's a thin. thin line ♪
♪ But I want you... ♪
[woman] ♪ Are ringing
for me and my gal... ♪
- What the hell?
- Oh. this. Uh... This is just vitamin B.
- What are you doing. man?
- Trying to fight a cold.
- With Helen.
- What do you mean?
She just lost someone. okay?
- She's in a very fragile place.
- [stall door opens]
So I think it'd be the
better part of valor...
- You're Sasha Mann.
- Yeah. last time I checked.
- [man] Think I could get a picture?
- [Sasha] Why don't we do this?
Why don't you and I
share a real moment
where we sort of really
see each other. hmm?
How does that sound?
[camera shutter clicks]
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Look. Sasha...
- You're very competitive. aren't you?
Territorial. About women especially.
I saw it that morning in the café.
I'm not territorial.
I care about her.
She's the mother of my children.
- She's my best friend.
- [stall door opens]
Whom you lied to.
cheated on. and left.
Yet I'm the one she
needs to be protected from.
- Look. it's more complicated than that.
- Please.
See. this is why you don't
understand the character.
What?
- What does that mean?
- Noah. you can't see yourself.
and you never could. and that's
why you never get what you want.
Now. are you going to let
me leave the men's room.
or are we going
to have a problem?
[door opens. closes]
[Helen] ♪ You put in my hands ♪
♪ A loaded gun And
then told me not to fire it ♪
♪ When you did the things
You said were up to me ♪
♪ And then accused me
Of trying to fuck it up ♪
♪ But you've never
been A waste of my time ♪
♪ It's never been a drag ♪
♪ So take a deep breath
And count back from ten ♪
♪ And maybe
you'll be all right ♪
♪ And the license said
You had to stick around ♪
♪ Until I was dead ♪
♪ But if you're tired
Of looking at my face ♪
♪ I guess I already am ♪
♪ But you've never been a... ♪
[woman] ♪ If you come ♪
♪ And be my sweet baby. mine ♪
♪ Because I... ♪
[crowd cheering]
♪ Ain't got nobody... ♪
[woman] What?
♪ 'Cause nobody cares ♪
♪ For me ♪
[applauding. cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
Okay. Erica.
Erica. you are next.
Here she comes. All right.
Erica. Let's hear it for Erica.
Whoo! There you go. sweetheart.
- [laughs] Hey. everybody.
- Sorry. man. let me. uh...
Uh. so this song
means a lot to me.
- Sorry. Erica. Can I...
- Oh.
Can I... You don't mind.
Tom Petty. "Listen
to Her Heart."
Okay? Yeah.
- You don't mind. do you?
- No. it's fine. Yeah.
You can go on the next one.
- Sure. Next time.
- Please.
♪ You think you're
gonna take her away ♪
♪ With your money
and your cocaine ♪
♪ Keep thinkin' that her
mind Is gonna change ♪
♪ But I know
everything is okay ♪
♪ She's gonna
listen to her heart ♪
[mouthing]
♪ It's gonna tell
her what to do ♪
♪ She might need a lot of
lovin' But she don't need... ♪
[groans]
What the fuck?
Feeling better?
Oh. my God.
You weren't super specific
about what you wanted.
so I sort of got
one of everything.
[Noah] What the...
How did we...
What are we doing here?
It was an honor and a
privilege to watch you work.
We're like Kerouac
and Burroughs.
Who's who. do you think? I
mean. obviously you're Kerouac.
But I'll take Burroughs.
I'll take that.
Work? What do you mean. work?
You were a surgeon. man.
- Wait. what time is it?
- Like. 6:00.
Haven't stayed up all night
since college. It's invigorating.
[grunts]
Here.
- I already paid.
- No. no. it's fine.
See you. man.
Hi. Noah.
So. I'm sorry. but I
can't let you on set today.
What are you talking about?
I guess Mr. Mann wants to
limit the number of people on set
from this point forward.
Just get on your radio
thing and call Mr. Mann
and tell him to come
talk to me face-to-face.
I can't. He's shooting.
Yeah. I know. I got a rewrite for
the scene he's shooting right now.
- so I need to get it to him.
- Oh. that's okay. He already has it.
No. he... What? No. Wha... What?
Yeah. the new pages
came out this morning.
They're shooting them right now.
Okay. you fucking call him. Call
him now. Call him on the radio now.
Look at me and call... Call
them on the fucking radio now!
Call him now! Fucking call him.
Jesus. this is the
fucking rewrite here!
Now get him out here!
[Margaret] Excuse me.
This yolk is broken.
I'd like to send it back.
Right away. ma'am.
[exhales]
Does this look moldy to you?
- The napkin?
- You know. I'm very allergic to mold.
What is that right there?
Uh. it just looks like ketchup.
Can't have mold in my
lap. I'll break out in hives.
Excuse me. Excuse me. please.
Mom. is-is everything okay?
- I'm fine. why?
- You just seem a little tense.
I'm very worried about you. I
wanted to do something nice for you.
Well. this is a very nice place.
- Thank you.
- Do you think so?
Shirley Divets said it was the
best restaurant in Los Angeles.
but she hasn't been out of Hyannis
in 30 years. so what does she know?
Excuse me.
How's Dad?
Why do you ask?
Um... because I know he doesn't
usually like it when you're away.
And you've been here for a while.
so I'm just wondering how he's doing.
[exhales sharply]
That's actually something I
wanted to discuss with you.
[exhales] I think
it's time I go home.
Oh.
Well. I mean. if
you think it's time.
I hate the idea of
leaving you here alone
in this extraordinarily
vulnerable state.
Actually. I've been feeling
a little bit better lately.
- So...
- But your father has dementia.
- What?
- And he's... lost all our money.
- Excuse me.
- What?
- Ma'am?
This napkin is covered
in mold. I'd like another.
A clean one.
[waiter] Of course. ma'am.
I'm going to have a talk with
Shirley Divets when I get back.
Tell her she's too old to be
making recommendations.
She thinks just because she
slept with Warren Beatty in '67.
she's an authority on every...
No. no. no. stop. stop.
stop. What... Okay.
What. what do you
mean Dad has dementia?
- Alzheimer's. darling. I think.
- Well. how do you know?
He gets confused.
he forgets things.
- So do I.
- It's not the same thing.
- The other day. he couldn't find his keys.
- So what? I can never find my car keys.
They were in his hand. Helen.
It's just...
He didn't know what they were.
He didn't know
what they were for.
Uh. how long has
this been going on?
For a while. About a year.
And you didn't tell me?
You had a lot of
things to worry about.
Oh. my God. it never ends.
[chuckling] I know. It feels
like that sometimes. doesn't it?
And wait. who is with
him now? Is he alone?
Of course not. Helen.
We have a live-in nurse.
Norene. and she's lovely.
And she's very
expensive. I can't afford her.
- That's why I have to move back.
- And. okay. what do you mean
he lost all of your money?
He gave a lot of
it away to charity.
which should have been my first clue
there was something seriously wrong.
And he made some
idiotic investments.
It's not all gone. mind you.
We just have to be careful.
If worst comes to worst.
we can sell the house.
- Oh. my God. Sell the house?
- I don't want to either.
But he needs a lot of care
and I can't manage it on my own.
The money has to
come from somewhere.
Unless...
Oh. if you're asking me
for money. I don't have any.
- Vik left everything to his parents.
- Helen. I'm not asking you for money.
I'm asking you to move back
east and help me take care of him.
It'd be a way to keep the house.
No. but I... the kids...
The kids are in...
are in school here.
There are schools
on Long Island.
Yes. but they've only
been here a few years.
And to move them back
this soon would just be unfair.
Life isn't fair.
The sooner they understand
that. the less disappointed they'll be.
Just wait.
Your father's dying. Helen.
You give someone the
best years of your life
while they fuck
anything with a hole.
and then you finally get
them back. and for what?
The worst years of
theirs. It's definitely not fair.
But I did get one
thing from him.
I got you.
I got my girl.
[Eddie crying]
Sierra?
- He won't eat.
- What do you mean?
I don't... I don't
know what's going on.
I mean. first he would
only take my right breast
and then only if
we were bouncing.
And now not at all.
Here. Shh. Eddie? Okay.
Come on.
Here you go. here.
Why are you trying to assault
that baby with your breast?
Mom. stop it.
Can I... Here. can I
hold him for a minute?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Here you go. Okay. sweetie.
Hi. [shushes]
Hi.
Hi. hi. hi. hi. hi.
Oh. he's hungry.
Yeah. I know. so
why won't he eat?
Um. I don't know. Uh.
did you try a bottle?
- Do you have a pump?
- No. no. no bottles.
Oh. for God's sakes. give him a
bottle. You're not living in a cave.
My doula said it would
create nipple confusion.
and then he's gonna
reject my breast.
- As he should.
- Okay.
Um. Sierra. he needs to eat.
So. why don't we just get
him some formula for now
and then we'll...
we'll find you a pump.
- No. I can't... I can't give him formula.
- [Helen] Why not?
Because it leads to a lifetime
of obesity and eating disorders.
It's better to be
plump and civilized
- than raised like a wolf cub.
- Okay.
That's really enough
from you. okay?
[crying continues]
Sierra. when's the
last time you slept?
I don't know. I... A day ago.
two days ago. I don't know.
All right. Here's
what's gonna happen.
You're gonna lie down in Stacey's
room and you're gonna go out
and get some
formula and a bottle.
- No. Helen.
- Yes. Sierra.
One bottle is not
gonna do any harm.
He needs to eat and you
need to sleep. So let's just...
Let's just fix these problems right now
and then we'll sort out the rest. okay?
- [exhales]
- [Eddie crying]
Go. just go ahead;
it's right down the hall.
- On your right.
- Okay. thank you.
- Mm-hm.
- [Eddie crying]
You. too. Go.
- That woman is a child.
- I know.
Hi.
[door opens]
- Okay.
- [door closes]
- [cries]
- Ah. ah. ah. none of that.
- [crying stops]
- Thank you.
- [coos]
- Hmm.
[softly] Nice work.
You look just like your dad.
[sighs]
[man on TV chattering]
- Don't you guys have homework?
- [Trevor] We'll do it later.
[man on TV] You
have not met him yet.
[man on TV chuckles]
Is that what you like?
- What is this. The Maze?
- The Maze 2.
- This time. it's even more personal.
- [snickers]
It's um. yeah. the sequel.
- What?
- How was your date?
- That you went on?
- Uh. sorry. you know.
he thought putting this on
- would make you talk about it.
- With Sasha mother-freaking Mann?
I told him it was a dumb idea.
It wasn't really
a date. you guys.
What is he like?
- Yeah. are you gonna see him again?
- Yeah.
When can I start telling people
that Sasha Mann is your boyfriend?
You can't.
And you can't
tweet it or blog it
- or any of that stuff.
- Don't worry. Mom. he won't.
- It's a vlog. [chuckles]
- Okay.
Anyway. I might be done
with boyfriends for a while.
[Brooklyn] What?
Well. I've had my share.
They can be exhausting.
I mean. do what you want.
but you are way too hot
- not to have any more boyfriends.
- Gross.
- That's my mom.
- I'm serious.
[Trevor] Stop.
[indistinct chatter]
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- [Sasha] Hi.
[Sasha on TV] Hi.
Hi.
Uh. uh. how's it
going. Sasha... Mann?
[Sash on phone] What
are you doing right now?
Uh. I'm at home. Why?
Well. the thing is. uh. ever
since you came to my place
and-and we spent that evening together.
I can't stop thinking about my furniture.
Your furniture?
Yeah. I can't get
it out of my head.
I think you're right.
uh. I need more stuff.
I was hoping you'd come by set
and help me make some decisions.
If-if you're not
too busy. that is.
I know you have it on your mind.
You remember how lovely the
summers are out there. Don't you?
- Helen. are you there?
- Um. I have to deal with something here.
I'll call you back.
They've got a great high school there.
Bridgehampton High. Huge building.
- Very...
- Can I talk to you for a second?
What are you doing? Are
you telling him we're moving?
- I'm just laying the groundwork.
- Please don't do that.
Helen. you can't uproot
them like you did last time.
It's not healthy.
Children have to be
prepared for traumatic events.
I think what we should
do tonight at dinner
is talk about the East Coast
in a general kind of way.
You should say how
much you miss it.
I'll mention how glorious it is
- this time of year.
- I'm going out.
- [knocking]
- [Sasha] Yeah? Come on in.
Oh. you came.
I wasn't sure you would.
Uh. yeah. I'm sorry. I
have... things going on.
- I really appreciate you making time.
- Yeah.
Please come on in.
Sit down.
- Um...
- [sighs]
So you need some help
making some decisions?
Yeah. um...
thing is.
I moved to Malibu
because I was grieving
and I just needed to
get away from the world
and I thought if I have nothing.
then I'll have
nothing to lose. right?
But then the other
night. uh. after you left.
I realized that time
in my life is over.
It's passed and I don't need
to live like a monk anymore
to keep order in my head.
I want to feel things again.
So I took you very seriously.
And I hired a professional.
Um. supposedly...
one of the best interior
designers in all of Hollywood.
- Um...
- The trouble is. look.
I really don't like it.
No. I see what you mean.
- It's totally not what I expected.
- It's chaotic.
Yes. it is.
- Um...
- It's too much.
I was thinking...
just. you know.
things with really clean.
simple lines. like a modern
area rug there. maybe.
or. um. or a Noguchi lamp there.
- What?
- I just had the most brilliant idea.
- Why don't you do it?
- What? No.
Well. you know what you like
and you obviously have great taste.
Yeah. but I don't... I have...
I don't... I have... I'm... My...
And we'd get to spend
a lot of time together.
[whispering] Yeah.
But why?
- [chuckles] What do you mean. why?
- I mean. there are tons of women.
I'm sure you have tons of women.
You know. famous women.
younger women. taller women
that you-you can... You're...
I'm having a very difficult
time believing that I'm your type.
Uh. that's probably because you don't
have the faintest idea what my type is
because you categorically
refuse to give me a chance.
- [knock on door]
- Yes?
- [woman] Mr. Mann? They need you on set.
- Just a second. please.
Um. listen. I'm taking
everybody out tonight
for karaoke and drinks.
Why don't you come.
and we can discuss this...
Okay.
- Really?
- [laughs] Yes.
[Noah] Helen.
Oh. um. hi.
It's... Actually. it's great you're
here. I was... I was about to call you.
You really need to talk to Whitney
about this whole wedding thing.
Um. uh. okay. What about it?
[stammering] Well. this kid.
he's using her for a green card.
- He doesn't work. he doesn't...
- I don't think so.
I mean. I think he loves her.
No. It's too fast.
and she is too young.
And we're her parents.
We need to protect her.
Uh. protect her from what?
From making a big mistake.
You want me to tell her
to call off her wedding?
Yeah. I think you should.
Why don't you do it?
Because she doesn't listen
to me. She listens to you.
- [Lisa] Rehearsal's up!
- Oh. Fuck. they need me for rehearsals.
Will you talk to her?
Uh... yeah. sure.
Okay. thanks. Thanks for
coming. It's really good of you.
- [Sasha] Hey.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- You're finished already.
Yes. Done for the day.
Um. can we have
two Negronis. please?
And keep it open. A
lot of people coming.
[sighs]
- So...
Have you thought about it?
About what?
Designing my house.
[scoffs] I can't design
your house. Sasha.
- Why the hell not?
- Because I have too much going on.
- Like what?
Yes. like what?
Like I just found out my
father has Alzheimer's.
- And?
- And he's completely ruined
- the family's finances.
- Poor you.
My mother is a crazy.
narcissistic bitch.
- Big deal.
- And my neighbor...
- Mm-hm.
- Had a one-night stand
with my boyfriend who died.
[chuckles]
Sorry. that's not funny.
- No.
- No. Now she has his baby.
and she wants me
to take care of it.
And I already have four kids of my
own. the oldest of whom is getting married.
and Noah wants me to convince
her to call off the wedding.
- Why?
- Because. I don't know.
he doesn't like the guy.
Why doesn't Noah
just talk to her himself?
Because they don't have
that kind of relationship.
Helen. you don't have
to set yourself on fire
to keep other people warm.
- I'm not really sure what that means.
- You are allowed to say no.
- Okay. No. I won't design your house.
- Oh. no. no. no. not to me.
- Do you like gin?
- No.
- Of course you do.
- [laughs]
- Cheers.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Yeah. anything.
Except if I'm in love
with you. That's a secret.
Uh. who did you lose?
You said you were grieving.
You really don't know
anything about me. do you?
Not so much.
- You don't read the tabloids?
- Not since Noah went to prison.
Um. her name was Lily.
and she was my
fiancée. and. um...
We met as kids. and
we'd come up together.
And. well. my success
was awful for her.
I didn't handle it well.
and she felt abandoned.
And as I started working more.
she started using more
until. um...
until she overdosed one day...
in our car.
And I was the one who found her.
The newspapers reported
it as a suicide. so...
[Noah] Hey.
Hey.
- Hi.
Good of you to join us.
Yeah. thanks for doing
this. It's a cute idea.
- Something wrong?
- Yeah.
Yeah. something is wrong. Sasha.
I just. uh. got a call from my agents.
They said you told the
studio that you want to...
you want to rewrite the script.
That's not exactly what I said.
but I actually tried to
talk to you about this...
Yeah. well. you got my fucking
attention now. so what's the problem?
Do you think we should do this
somewhere a bit more private. perhaps?
Lead the way. Maestro.
You gonna be all right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
- Hi. You're the real Helen. right?
- Oh. yeah.
And you're banging Sasha?
- What?
- Well. everybody knows.
Oh. Uh. no. Um...
You must really hate your
ex-husband. He seems like such a prick.
Um...
Good for you. honey.
Get your revenge.
- Cheers.
- I'm sorry. I have to go.
You're still up?
[Helen] Yeah. I can't sleep.
So. why does Stacey have
to sleep with Grandma?
Because Sierra and Eddie
are in Stacey's room tonight.
Okay. fine. Do we have any
LaCroix? Brooklyn's thirsty.
- Check the back?
- Score.
- Brooklyn's staying over?
- Uh. yeah.
I'm such a cool mom.
You are a cool mom.
Thanks.
No. no. really.
Just between you and me.
could have been so much worse.
Thank you.
- So. how long is Sierra staying with us?
- I don't know.
- Grandma?
- I don't know that either.
I think they're all gonna stay
until they're ready to leave.
Okay. yeah. that's fine.
Then I will be booking an
extra session with my therapist.
- You don't have a therapist.
- Yeah. but I need one.
- Good night. Mom.
- Good night.
[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
- What?
- Where is he?
- Who?
- I know he's here.
Where the fuck is he? Sasha!
- Oh. God.
- Sasha!
Shut up.
You are wasted. Go home. Do
you want the kids to see you like this?
He's fucking using you. Helen.
He's using you to get to me.
He's playing me. so he wants to
fuck you so he feels closer to me.
Can't you see how
pathetic that is?
It's fucking freezing out
here. Can I just come in?
- No.
- Just... Come on.
- Seriously.
Yeah. Go home.
Don't drive. Take an Uber.
I don't care what
you do. Just go.
- Good night.
- Helen. come...
Helen? Helen. I'll call a guy.
- Just let me in.
- [knock on door]
Come on. Helen.
[yelling] Helen. come on!
- [snickers]
- Helen!
[line ringing]
[Sasha] Hello?
Hi.
Are you mad?
No. not mad. Um. just confused.
I told you the worst thing
that ever happened to me.
and you just...
well. disappeared.
I know. I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. Do you
want to keep talking?
No. not really.
Do you want to
do something else?
[both moaning]
- Shh.
- [whispering] What?
- [whispering] Shh. quiet.
- Why?
Because I have a
house full of people.
- Who's here?
- Um...
- my daughter.
- Mm-hm.
My son.
- His boyfriend.
- [laughs]
Uh. my mother.
You got the whole family.
- And my neighbor.
- [laughing]
Shh. And her baby.
[both laughing]
It's okay.
Mm.
- Helen.
- Hmm?
- Design my house.
- [chuckles]
Give me a lamp.
Just one room. please.
[chuckling]
[Sasha] Just one room.
Just one tiny. little room.
Helen. just give me a rug.
Can you give me a rug. please?
Give me a rug.
Can you give me a...
[coffee pouring]
- [Margaret] Good morning.
- Morning.
- Coffee?
- Sure.
How'd you sleep?
Really well. thanks.
I think I can get
the kids enrolled
in the Bridgehampton high
school for the spring semester.
so if you put this house
on the market next month...
Mom. I'm not moving back.
What?
I have a life here.
I'll help you and Dad
out as much as I can.
but I-I'm not moving home.
What am I supposed to do?
You will figure it out.
What's gotten into you?
[Sasha] Good morning.
- Hey.
- Hi.
You must be Margaret. I'm Sasha.
- Pleasure to meet you.
I'd actually love a cup of
coffee. if it's not too much trouble.
Thank you.
[door slams]
["Sex and Candy" playing]
♪ Like double cherry
pie Yeah. there she was ♪
♪ Like disco superfly ♪
- [children chattering playfully]
- ♪ I smell sex and candy here ♪
♪ Who's that
lounging in my chair? ♪
- ♪ Who's that... ♪
- [bartender] Those your kids?
No.
Do I look like the kind of
person who would have kids?
- It isn't a crime.
- It should be.
♪ Yeah. mama. this
surely is a dream... ♪
No. they're just...
some refugee kids
that I met in Senegal.
Oh. yeah? What were
you doing out there?
I'm a coastal engineer.
How's that going?
Not well.
♪ And I had too much caffeine ♪
♪ And I was thinkin'
'bout myself... ♪
[receiver beeps]
- [Jim] Have a good one.
- [Nat] Thanks for the tip. Jim.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Shoot.
What's with the electricity out
here? Is the grid completely off?
No. Just ever since
the last hurricane.
they only turn it on
between 9:00 and 5:00.
We got our own
battery bank. though.
This place used
to be so beautiful.
Yeah. well. there aren't enough
of us out here to matter anymore.
We can't afford those wind turbines
they got out in East Hampton. so...
Right.
[bartender] You here for work?
- I am.
- Oh.
How much do I owe you?
It's on the house.
I haven't seen a face like
yours out here in a while.
I like it.
[both moaning]
Yeah.
[both panting]
- [gasps] Tighter.
- What?
[Joanie grunts]
- Better?
- [grunts. inhales sharply]
- What?
- [panting]
What's up?
- It's not working for me.
- What the fuck do you want?
You are one sick bitch.
[Joanie] Stop.
[gasps]
[moaning]
- [bartender] Oh. yeah.
- [Joanie moans]
[instrumental music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org